# Great American Coffee Taste Test (GACTT)
CMPT353 Final Project:

## Overview
This repository contains the final project for CMPT 353 course Summer 2024. The project involves exploratory data 
analysis, statistical testing, and the implementation of a machine learning classifier. The data used in the
analysis was collected by YouTuber James Hoffman in an online livestream. By preprocessing and analysing the data,
interesting insights about different demographics' coffee tastes were uncovered.

## Contents
### Scripts
- **01_Exploratory_Data_Analysis.py**: Script for exploratory data analysis.
- **02_Machine_Learning_Classifier.py**: Script for a Voting classifier with a .849 accuracy score as well as statistical tests.
### Directories
- **output**: Contains files generated by scripts
  - **figures**: Figures from exploratory data analysis
  - **stat_tests**: Resulting p-values from statistical tests, organized in DataFrames
    - **summary.txt**: p-value dataframes written into one file.
### Project Files
- **requirements.txt**: List of required libraries, including scikit-learn.
- **GACTT_RESULTS_ANONYMIZED_v2.csv**: Anonymized results data.

### Miscellaneous
- **CMPT353_Project_Report.pdf**: Final project report detailing procedure and findings of analysis.
- **QUESTION_KEY.csv**: Key for the questions used in the project.

## Contributors
- **Brayden Sue**
- **Hamoudi Saleh Baratta**

## Languages
- **Python**: 100%

## How to Run
1. Clone the repository.
2. Install the required libraries using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
3. Run the scripts as needed.
